Chelsea are planning to sell two of their England internationals - right-back Reece James, 24, and midfielder Conor Gallagher, 24 - this summer to avoid breaching the Premier League's profitability and sustainability rules.

West Ham are edging closer to signing Brentford and England striker Ivan Toney, 28, in a "statement" deal for the club.

Paris St-Germain manager Luis Enrique still hopes he can convince Kylian Mbappe, 25, to stay at the club rather than join Real Madrid when the France forward's contract expires at the end of the season.

Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti says he is not worried about Brazil winger Vinicius Jr leaving the club, after speculation the 23-year-old could move because of the racist abuse he has experienced.

Ruben Amorim says he remains focused on Sporting Lisbon and winning trophies with the club amid rumours he could replace Jurgen Klopp as Liverpool manager. 

Join BBC Sport's WhatsApp channels
Getafe boss Jose Bordalas says he is unclear on Mason Greenwood's future at the club, with Manchester United yet to make a decision on whether the English striker, 22, will return.

Manchester United are leading the chase for Port Vale's 17-year-old England youth striker Baylee Dipepa. 

Sporting Lisbon want £68.5m for in-form Swedish striker Viktor Gyokeres, 25, amid interest from Arsenal and Chelsea.


Bayern Munich have confirmed German midfielder Joshua Kimmich, 29, will not extend his contract at the club until they find a new manager to replace Thomas Tuchel, who is leaving at the end of the season.

Barcelona and Chelsea are both working on a move for Palmeiras' 16-year-old Brazilian Estevao Willian, with the winger's release clause reportedly set at £51m. 

Denmark midfielder Christian Eriksen, 32, is frustrated by his lack of game time at Manchester United and will be allowed to leave the club this summer. 
Inter Milan see Fiorentina's 19-year-old Italian defender Michael Kayode as a potential replacement for Denzel Dumfries, if he moves away from the club. 

Barcelona's Polish striker Robert Lewandowski is set to remain at the club despite interest from Saudi Arabia in the 35-year-old. 

Sunderland and Northern Ireland defender Trai Hume, 22, is attracting interest from Premier League sides Aston Villa and Bournemouth as well as Serie A club Napoli. 

Feyenoord have made an approach for West Ham full-back Ben Johnson, 24, who is now permitted to speak to overseas clubs. 


Source: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/gossip